known as the queen of the Nurburgring
sabine schmitz is famous for offering
white-knuckle passenger rides around the
world's scariest track she also races
there as part of the tough bln endurance
championship today she's joining me at
Carroll Park in Lincolnshire England a
twisty hilly tract known as the mini
Nurburgring we're finding out if the
Porsche 911 can keep its title as our
favorite sports coupe a by pitting it
against its newest rival the mighty BMW
m6 Sabine has raised both BMWs and
Porsches so she's the perfect testing
companion
so Sabine we've got the finest Porsche
911 ever built and the most powerful BMW
coupe a they've ever made which would
you prefer before we drive them to our
well - if I would say the Porsche will
be the quickest but the conditions are
very tricky so the BMW is very very
powerful and I think the balance is
easier to handle today I'm gonna take
the BMW you're the lady the choice is
yours
oh thank you so much the most important
skill of any sports coupe a is the
ability to corner quickly test one will
see which car has best mastered the arms
using GPS timing gear we'll see who can
hold the highest minimum speed through
this fast right-hander the minimum speed
sort of car has to slow down too in
order to take a corner safely the higher
it is the more grip for car has
we'll do one run with the electronic
stability control switched on and one
with it off to find out if the car's
driver aids can make them faster as well
as safer okay to know I've put this ship
into race mode it was really really fast
when I start to live off I had wheels
been already so the talk is very very
high first rub we're gonna see what you
can do with traction on are you yeah
it's fun with a bit of a suspension on a
proper race loss this is called Charlie
it's a proper English name for a corn
recipe in watching them people 16 the
technique to get a corner quickly in the
BMW is try not to have understeer when
you turn in because it's such a heavy
car but it buns like Creek to go you're
mad yeah but 65 66 oh that's bad
with the stability control on the BMW
manages sixty five point two miles an
hour but Sabine could feel the brakes
being applied as the cars electronic
brain tried to prevent it going out of
control did you feel them traction
interrupting oh yeah yes which then run
shop business and life steaming stuff
you'd never know but for a track you
know on the racetrack let's see if the
car will go faster the Sabine free of
any electronic interference laughs for
the race the pack of cars behind you've
got to get into that corner turning in
the church unless yeah over 70,000 and
then carry the speed carry the speaker's
p70 that's on you ahead at this place
this is what count I'm sorry that is the
adjudicate it was about 66 it changes
very fast the look quite sure the exact
number
we'll check it back Sabine does go
faster with the electronic switch off
sixty six point two miles an hour
67 no go on go get the Porsche the BMWs
main issue is understeer with the front
wheels losing grip first I'm worried the
Porsche will suffer the same problem
thanks to its rear mounted engine the
911 has a lighter nose in the front
engine BMW a recipe for even more
understeer so as we gonna leave the
stability control on the Pazza now being
a lot of lighter this should suit the
Porsche ah I feel it has a crook like
hell Oh
175 oh that's not fair the Porsche has
much more overall grip and scores 75
miles an hour with the electronics
switched on it immediately felt better
than the BMW but did suffer from
understeer when just trying to push it
in as quick as you can but being lighter
and more nimble it was it adjusted its
line easier than the big BMW switch the
stability off to prove I can go even
faster obviously I think using my
wonderful smooth we are too old to drive
pulled out bad enough for that Jason
potato
yeah the test was not an exit I was the
speed I was too afraid to watch but I
might be 78 in fact it was 78 point two
miles an hour 12 miles now quicker than
the BMW but as expected it's the front
wheels that let go first if I can
improve the Porsche I just make it
turning a bit better it just unlist is
that frustrating amount you can't get
other powers strong as you'd like to
early in the corner but that's not the
end of this test the previously damp
track is now dry what is a bit drier
well good it's totally dry I am okay
back underwater we'll go up the BMW now
just check what the speaker yeah so we
give Sabine and the BMW a chance to
improve on the grippier surface
the result seventy five point three
miles an hour better but still not as
good as the Porsche
the result was fair because the Porsche
it's the race machine that look like a
big gap at first it was only about two
or three miles an hour on the end round
one to the 911 unfortunately our
off-road tests turned into more of a
test of victoria's nerves and the actual
Piketty of the car company well schedule
I know
oh are you maybe you could get a London
bus in that gap he's left ok here we go
oh go on Johnny
I do have brake turn the thing around I
was placed mine was quite neat that was
in